About Me
I used to be a student at Hertford Regional College studying TV and Film but I've taken a recent interest in code. Well, it's not that recent, in GSCE's I got an A in IT web development and I that's where the interest originally spiked, even if we were forced to use an old version Dreamweaver. 
Since the end of my college course I've been self learning from TeamTreeHouse.com, I started on HTML and CSS since that's what I was familiar and I've only dabbled in Python and Javascript for a few hours each.
A goal in python for myself was to attempt to create a turn based text adventure that has multiple endings but I'm quite far off of that.
University isn't my thing and I was thinking about an apprenticeship but an intense course seem more efficient considering that majority of them seem to help with getting a job afterwards so that's what I'm aiming towards in education.
My Coding Exp.
Secondary school was the first instance of me using HTML, I took IT for a GCSE and got an A but I wasn't sure if web development was the path I wanted to go down so I didn't explore it throughout college although I did go into developers tools occasionally to peek at the code. I actively started studying around mid-November, got a Team TreeHouse account and started with HTML to refamiliarize myself with the basics along with learning more about CSS. After that I started python, attempting to make part of a text based adventure game. Currently I've only made a sequence (which is on GitHub and is very basic) and I would like to complete it but I thought that I should first cover more ground and learn Javascript for the time being and then try some PHP just so I've got some knowledge in back-end of web development.
I've tried to incorperate some Javascript into this site and looked up how to do something along the lines of turn based combat with random stats but I couldn't figure that out in time so there's just a dice roll in the Javascript container. 
I've had quite a few issues with making websites recently. I own a 1440p moniter and have only been making repsosive css for mobiles and tablets so it completely slipped my mind that I had to make a 1080p layout so as I made one and tested it out it the mobile layout got ruined and clashes with the 1080p rules. I tried to find a solution but the problem seems to be with the way I want to display them. I used grid items because they were easy(easier) to manipulate but I don't think that I'm experienced enough to use them well. But hey, hopefully this course will help me comprehend more advanced... well everything.